feat(tutorial): first steps with linux command line tutorial (#2429)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/first-steps-linux-command-line/index.mdx

    ```sh
    ls 
    ```

9. Use the following commands to change your working directory to `dir-2` and see that `second-text-file.txt` has been moved there:

    ```sh
    cd dir-2
    ls
    ```

    <Message type="tip">

        **A note on file paths** <br/><br/>

        In the examples above, we can simply use the names of the files and the directories in our commands, because we are in the **current working directory** that contains those files and directories. <br/><br/> 

        If our current working directory was something else, we would need to specify the **path** of the file to move or copy, and the path of the directory to move it to. Remember that you can use `pwd` to display the path of your current working directory at any time, as a helper. <br/><br/>

        Take the example that my working directory was `/home/username/documents/`, but the file I wanted to move was in `/home/username/downloads/text-files`, and the target directory to move it to was `/home/username/recipes`, I can use the following command:

        ```
        mv /home/username/downloads/text-files/my-text-file.txt /home/username/recipes
        ```

>         This principle doesn't just apply to the `mv` command, but all commands. For example, you can use `cd` + a path to a directory, to navigate straight from one working directory to another, even if they are not "adjacent".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This principle does not just apply to the `mv` command, but all commands. For example, you can use `cd` + a path to a directory, to navigate straight from one working directory to another, even if they are not "adjacent".
```

    </Message>

## Deleting files and directories - rm

You can remove files and directories with the `rm` (**r**e**m**ove) command.

1. Navigate to the directory where `my-text-file.txt` is located, and delete the file with the following command:

    ```sh
    rm my-text-file.txt
    ```

> 2. With `cd`, navigate to the directory where you created `dir-2` (don't go **into** `dir-2`, stay in its parent directory).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. With `cd`, navigate to the directory where you created `dir-2` (do not go **into** `dir-2`, stay in its parent directory).
```
